./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ 12_palindromic.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out 
./a.out  
./a.out  
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
g++ first.cpp 
./a.out  
touch first.js
node first.js
touch first.js
node first.js
node first.
node first.js
node first.js
3 3
node first.
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
node first.js
g++ hello.cpp 
./a.out 
node
node arrayImp.js 
node arrayImp.js 
node arrayImp.js 
node arrayImp.js 
node arrayImp.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
node mergeSortedAr.js 
cd
ls
git
ls
neofetch
